Update getSignaturesForAddress and getConfirmedSignaturesForAddress2 RPC call description (#21955)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/developing/clients/jsonrpc-api.md

### getSignaturesForAddress

> Returns confirmed signatures for transactions when the address is present in the compact-array of account addresses of a transaction. Returns signatures backwards in time from the provided signature or most recent confirmed block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns signatures for confirmed transactions that include the given address in their `accountKeys` list. Returns signatures backwards in time from the provided signature or most recent confirmed block
```

Author: @CriesofCarrots done. LGTM!

**DEPRECATED: Please use [getSignaturesForAddress](jsonrpc-api.md#getsignaturesforaddress) instead**
This method is expected to be removed in solana-core v2.0

> Returns confirmed signatures for transactions when the address is present in the compact-array of account addresses of a transaction. Returns signatures backwards in time from the provided signature or most recent confirmed block
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns signatures for confirmed transactions that include the given address in
their `accountKeys` list. Returns signatures backwards in time from the
provided signature or most recent confirmed block

```
